I really like you.
A brazen political move.
Hamas demands that the US negotiate
the release of American hostages
on Russian TV.
In the end, for long,
there are also prisoners in the U.S..
We want them, of course.
There are Hamas members
sentenced to life in the U.S..
We demand that the U.S.
freeze our sons from their prisons.
The U.S. conducts prisoner swaps.
Only recently it did one with Iran.
Why wouldn't it conduct one with us?
Confirmation of part of the intent
behind the Hamas assaults in Israel.
They were enabled by a failure
of Israeli intelligence,
but plotted by a shadowy Hamas officer.
They call Aldin death the guest.
Only two photographs
exist of Mohammed
Dhiab, Ibrahim al-Masri, who's nearly 60.
He's known as LDA
because he billets
as a guest in a different location
every night.
He's the mastermind or monster
behind the murder of more
than a thousand in Israel
and the kidnaping of about 150 hostages.
At the beginning,
he was very much interested in fighting
before the occupation in the mid 1990s.
He was believed to be behind a
wave of atrocities in Israel.
And in 2014, he's believed to
have lost an arm and a leg
in an Israeli airstrike aimed at him
that killed his wife and daughter.
For the last two years, though,
Hamas has pretended to focus on welfare,
not warfare.
All the while under the table,
Hamas was preparing this big attack.
Israel, meanwhile, invested in automation
and sensors, a high technology
iron wall around
Gaza, and focus forces on the West Bank.
Under Deif, Hamas
encouraged Israeli complacency.
Then last weekend, it hit hard,
attacking communication towers
and automated machine guns, with drones
overrunning command and control centers,
killing senior officers, among them
three colonels.
But the
and unleashing terror
on thousands of civilians.
The Israel Defense Forces
found Hamas anti-tank mines
and other heavy weapons, a sign
they may have planned for a longer stay.
The shock infantry attack was either
deliberately brutal from the start
or degenerated into a massacre.
As Israeli defenses collapsed,
it shifted attention and power to Hamas.
He has become
like a god
to some, to some of the Palestinians
because of what he has done.
Many Palestinians are dismayed
by the massacre and the bloodshed
that's followed.
But with the lives of hostages
in his hands,
the guest now has an unwelcome place
in America's mind.
Sam Kiley, CNN.